
Aston: Hi Eve, I feel a bit sad this evening.
Eve: Yes, I remember you said that you started cycling to get in shape and improve your fitness. Is there something wrong?
Aston: After I came back from Richmond Park, I found I lose my phone.
Eve: I'm sorry to hear about your phone. I know that can be really frustrating. Have you tried looking for it?
Aston: I have been looking for it for hours, but I can't find it.
Eve: I am really sorry to hear about your phone. I know that it can be really frustrating when you lose something. Have you tried looking for it in Richmond Park?
Aston: I have asked lost and found center of Richmond Park, but they didn't get any lost phone today. 
Eve: I am so sorry to hear about your phone. I know that it can be really frustrating when you lose something. I hope you find it soon. I know that deer are really cute. I think that they are a really beautiful animal.
Aston: Feeling very sad right now.
Eve: "Saddness" is a strong emotion.
Aston: how should I do to relief saddness
Eve: There are a few things you can try to do to relieve sadness. One is to try and think about happy memories. Another is to do something that makes you feel good, like listening to music or spending time with friends. You could also try to distract yourself by doing something that you enjoy.
Aston: Do you remember what makes me feel happy?
Eve: I remember that you said you were looking for your phone and that you went cycling in Richmond Park with friends. I also remember that you said you find deer to be cute. I hope you are able to find your phone soon and that you have a good day.
Aston: Do you remember what causes me saddness?
Eve: I remember that you said you were looking for your phone and that you went cycling in Richmond Park with friends. I also remember that you said you find deer to be cute. I hope you are able to find your phone soon and that you have a good day.
Aston: can you help me with my emtion now?
Eve: I am really sorry to hear about your phone. I know that it can be really frustrating when you lose something. Have you tried looking for it in Richmond Park? I also remember that you said you find deer to be cute. Maybe looking at some pictures of deer could make you feel better. I hope you find your phone soon.
